other the beauty people here who spoke
this is bringing another video title
for you
Good today, I'll show you two things.
first it will be a case that was
implemented on this new
tarantulas and another will be the quest of
Dollar sieve that is a nursery that well
silly more is one near the other then
it's different
first we will leave there
bridge of the earth and we will follow in the swamp
of the minors on the right
as you can see here
then on the way it will only bring you the asp
No, not much of that important stuff.
At first I'm going to show one
tarantula support the main
very short but since it was used
This note, I think it's worth it.
show in that hole here
will have some scorpions and then
will have three tarantulas one thing well
simple even here
one and two will have to be up there
has nothing left in this hospital only
three tarantulas even then the thing well
silly but since this has been implemented
I found it interesting to show you now
I'll show you the quest here and weldon too.
It's very simple, it's only you who kill three
suites do not want to do anything else just this
and it is a good home decor a
very interesting decoration to put the
home then come on
I just went a little bit farther to the right
here o
will have even a small plate ending
local
it's very simple here
here it comes down
here is going to have three suites
I'm just going to get norah them
you see that it is this chest here will
get a doctor and light on and and here
You will get our vodol that is
here o
This is just it, this is the video
more quickly to show even recital
which was very small and that day care
Take advantage not to get so small
video until the next video is
Forget to enter the site ex here the
point with br point and until the next
was